Update jasp-module-workflow.md (#5726)
jasp-stats/jasp-desktop: Docs/development/jasp-module-workflow.md

4. Navigate to 'Advanced'
5. Place a checkmark before 'Developer mode'
6. Browse to the module source folder, aka a folder with the same name as your module and that contains `inst/Description.qml`.
   

> 	- When this does not work, enable libpath mode and enter your libpath into the textbox along with the name of the module you wish to load (use `.libPaths()` to identify where your packages are stored). Make sure that you have built your module in Rstudio: open the `.Rproj` located in the module source folder, go the 'Build' tab and click on 'Install'.		

Reviewer: Technically it doesnt have to be via rstudio eh, just pure R is sufficient.
(As in ive tested this on every os without Rstudio I think)

Reviewer: But maybe it is a good idea to just let them do it via rstudio, might be easier in general for people?

### Developing the module
At this point you can start adding the various files the module requires. It is advisable to start with the .qml interface file before adding the analysis in R.

> The advantage of installing the module is that all changes you make from this point onwards are (almost) instantly reflected in JASP. If not, then rebuild your module in Rstudio and click on the refresh symbol in the Modules list.

Reviewer: It will reload instantly only for the buggy and broken old-school development modules, the new one will never automatically reload.

> The advantage of installing the module is that all changes you make from this point onwards are (almost) instantly reflected in JASP. If not, then rebuild your module in Rstudio and click on the refresh symbol in the Modules list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of installing the module with the non-libpaths install is that all changes you make from this point onwards are (almost) instantly reflected in JASP, this however requires JASP to handle the install, which can be brittle. The development module with libpath support doesnt load changes automatically, so to see changes rebuild your module in Rstudio and click on the refresh symbol in the Modules list.
```
